Version 1.0 of my readme. (#1)
achinn/achinn: README.md

# achinn

This is a living document about me.

It provides a way for others to quickly get up to speed with how I work.

It provides a way for me to build my own self awareness.

## Public endpoints

### `/slack`

> If you need something immediate from me, this or [`/ad-hoc-irl`](#ad-hoc-irl) are the endpoints to use. For the most part I respond quickly but [there are](#context-switching) [instances](#meetings) where I may not. In those cases I will leave your message unread and circle back later. If I'm offline, however, all bets are off.

Reviewer: `If I'm offline, however, all bets are off` Does this mean that you might not respond?

Author: ```suggestion
If you need something immediate from me, this or [`/ad-hoc-irl`](#ad-hoc-irl) are the endpoints to use. For the most part I respond quickly but [there are](#context-switching) [instances](#meetings) where I may not. In those cases I will leave your message unread and circle back later. If I'm offline, however, don't expect an immediate response.
```

### `/email`

I treat my inbox with less urgency and tend to poll it when I'm in between tasks or looking for the next task to tackle (e.g. PR updates).

### `/meetings`

I like to know what a meeting is about before accepting it. If there's no description on a meeting request, don't be surprised if I ask for more details after receiving it.

If I'm in a meeting I will try my absolute hardest to give you 100% of my attention. This is why I prefer not to bring my laptop to most meetings. My phone will also stay in my pocket unless an emergency call comes up. *Please call me out if you see me breaking either of these rules of mine.*

Wrapping up the material before the allotted time is a _good thing_. It means we can all have some time back.

### `/1-to-1s`

> This time is yours to tailor. The frequency and length of these meetings is up to you.

Reviewer: Might be worth providing some guidelines or suggestions on where to start

Author: ```suggestion
This time is yours to tailor. The frequency and length of these meetings is up to you. For example, if it's our first time working together you might want to meet thirty minutes weekly. These can also change over time -- if you find we have less to talk about at a weekly cadence, perhaps we should switch to biweekly.
```

> Let's talk about anything that you feel would help you get better at what you do and anything that's getting in your way. If you can, spend some time before each meeting thinking about what you want to cover. Remember, this is about you -- don't squander it.

Reviewer: Will you prep prior to the meeting? Do you want to know what they'd like to talk about prior to the meeting?

Author: ```suggestion
Let's talk about anything that you feel would help you get better at what you do and anything that's getting in your way. If you can, spend some time before each meeting thinking about what you want to cover and I will do the same. We'll capture our talking notes in a shared doc to make sure we don't leave anything out. Remember, this is about you -- don't squander it.
```

### `/pair-programming`

> This is one of my favourites. Working through a problem with someone else is exciting. By the end of our time together we've created an artifact _and_ we most likely learned some things from each other.

Reviewer: Are there any particular ways you like to pair? Or expectations of your pair?

Author: ```suggestion
This is one of my favourites. Working through a problem with someone else is exciting. By the end of our time together we've created an artifact _and_ we most likely learned some things from each other.

Typically I like to allot two hours to our pairing session. I find that's a good amount of time to spend on a problem as it also allows for discussion and/or whiteboarding (did you think we'd just be heads down coding?). As for _what_ we work on, it doesn't matter to me; we can tackle something either one of us has been assigned.
```

### `/ad-hoc-irl`

If I'm at my desk feel free to grab my attention for anything you may want my input on. Don't be offended if I ask you to [wait a minute or two](#context-switching) if I'm in the middle of something.

## Service level objectives

### Transparency

> I like to get things out into the open. I believe people work at their best when they have full knowledge of what's going on around them.

Reviewer: How do you do that? 1:1s? Slack DMs? Slack channels? Will you push information or will it be up to others to pull?

Author: ```suggestion
I like to get things out into the open. I believe people work at their best when they have full knowledge of what's going on around them. I'll make an effort to let you know through any of the [endpoints](#public-endpoints).
```

I'm open to any questions that you may have and will answer to the best of my abilities. I won't intentionally keep information from you.

My calendar is as public as possible. Feel free to stalk it. I have found that a lot of context can be gained by seeing what people are up to. This ties back to having [detailed meeting descriptions](#meetings).

> I believe in Radical Candor and getting straight to the point. I will try my best to call out shortcomings that I see sans sugary exterior. Positive intent will always be assumed when approaching these conversations. _I encourage you to do the same with me._

Reviewer: Why do you believe in Radical Candor? Does it relate to high care?

### Experience transfer

> I've spent a bunch of time in software development and have learnt things from others as well as from my own mistakes. I want to transfer that experience to others so they can learn the same things but in much less time than it took me.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what this adds, it feels very general. How will you accomplish this?

## Implementation details

### Context switching

For some people, multitasking is easy -- I'm not one of those people. Switching contexts requires a little extra work for my mind.
If I'm currently in the middle of something, I prefer to finish the operation before switching at an opportune moment.

### Black boxes (abstractions)

> This is how I like to think: everything can be broken down to a black box of things. What are those things inside? More black boxes. I apply this thinking all over the place: software, processes, teams, etc.

Reviewer: I _think_ I get what you're saying but you might be able to make it more clear with an example. Why will the reader need to know this about you?
